Explain tsdb counters better. (#97618)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/data-streams/tsds.asciidoc

[%collapsible%open]
====
// tag::time-series-metric-counter[]
`counter`:: A cumulative metric that only monotonically increases or resets to `0` (zero). For
example, a count of errors or completed tasks.
// end::time-series-metric-counter[]
+
A counter field has additional semantic meaning, because it represents a cumulative counter. This works well with
the `rate` aggregation, since a rate can be derived from a cumulative monotonically increasing counter. However a number

> of aggregations (e.g. sum) compute results that don't make sense for a counter field, because of its cumulative nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of aggregations (for example `sum`) compute results that don't make sense for a counter field, because of its cumulative nature.
```
